---
title: "Amazon RDS for SQL Server supports cross-account snapshot sharing with additional storage volumes"
url: "https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2026/05/rds-sqlserver-cross-account-snapshot-sharing-additional-storage-volume/"
date: "Fri, 01 May 2026 07:00:00 GMT"
author: "aws@amazon.com"
feed_url: "https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/recent/feed/"
---
<p><a href="https://aws.amazon.com/rds/sqlserver/">Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) for SQL Server</a> now supports cross-account snapshot sharing for database instances with additional storage volumes. Additional storage volumes allow customers to scale database storage up to 256 TiB by adding up to three storage volumes, each with up to 64 TiB, in addition to the primary storage volume. With this launch, customers can create, share, and copy a database snapshot across AWS accounts for database instances set up with additional storage volumes. Cross account snapshots enable customers to set up isolated backup environments in separate accounts for compliance requirements and to perform diagnostics, such as investigating production issues by restoring database snapshots in a separate account for development and testing.<br /> <br /> Cross-account snapshots for database instances with additional storage volumes preserve the storage layout of the original database instance, including the configuration of additional storage volumes. When a snapshot is shared to a target AWS account, authorized users in the target account can restore it to another database instance, copy the snapshot within the same or different AWS Region, or create independent backups under different AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM) access permissions for backup and disaster recovery.<br /> <br /> Cross-account snapshot sharing with additional storage volumes is available in all AWS commercial Regions. Customers can start using this feature today through the AWS Management Console, AWS CLI, or AWS SDKs. To learn more, see <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_ShareSnapshot.html">Sharing a DB snapshot for Amazon RDS</a>, <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/USER_CopySnapshot.html">Copying a DB snapshot for Amazon RDS</a>, and <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/Appendix.SQLServer.CommonDBATasks.DatabaseStorage.html">Working with storage in RDS for SQL Server</a> in the Amazon RDS User Guide.</p>
